2/2 Doc fixup (#21309)
commaai/openpilot: README.md

Supported Hardware
------

> At the moment, openpilot supports the EON dashcam DevKit (depreciated) and the [comma two](https://comma.ai/shop/products/comma-two-devkit). A [car harness](https://comma.ai/shop/products/car-harness) is recommended to connect the EON or comma two to the car. For experimental purposes, openpilot can also run on an Ubuntu computer with external [webcams](https://github.com/commaai/openpilot/tree/master/tools/webcam).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment, openpilot supports the EON Gold DevKit and the [comma two](https://comma.ai/shop/products/comma-two-devkit). A [car harness](https://comma.ai/shop/products/car-harness) is recommended to connect the EON or comma two to the car. For experimental purposes, openpilot can also run on an Ubuntu computer with external [webcams](https://github.com/commaai/openpilot/tree/master/tools/webcam).
```

Installation Instructions
------

> Install openpilot on an EON (depreciated) or comma two by entering ``https://openpilot.comma.ai`` during the installer setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install openpilot on an EON Gold or comma two by entering ``https://openpilot.comma.ai`` during the installer setup.
```

* panda has software in the loop [safety tests](https://github.com/commaai/panda/tree/master/tests/safety).
* Internally, we have a hardware in the loop Jenkins test suite that builds and unit tests the various processes.
* panda has additional hardware in the loop [tests](https://github.com/commaai/panda/blob/master/Jenkinsfile).

> * We run the latest openpilot in a test lab containing 10 comma twos continuously replaying routes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We run the latest openpilot in a testing closet containing 10 comma devices continuously replaying routes.
```

openpilot is developed by [comma](https://comma.ai/) and by users like you. We welcome both pull requests and issues on [GitHub](http://github.com/commaai/openpilot). Bug fixes and new car ports are encouraged.

> You can add support for your car by following guides we have written for [Brand](https://comma-ai.medium.com/how-to-write-a-car-port-for-openpilot-7ce0785eda84) and [Model]https://comma-ai.medium.com/openpilot-port-guide-for-toyota-models-e5467f4b5fe6) ports. Generally, a car with adaptive cruise control and lane keep assist is a good candidate. [Join our Discord](https://discord.comma.ai) to discuss car ports: most car makes have a dedicated channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add support for your car by following guides we have written for [Brand](https://blog.comma.ai/how-to-write-a-car-port-for-openpilot/) and [Model]https://blog.comma.ai/openpilot-port-guide-for-toyota-models/) ports. Generally, a car with adaptive cruise control and lane keep assist is a good candidate. [Join our Discord](https://discord.comma.ai) to discuss car ports: most car makes have a dedicated channel.
```
